I am currently in one of the shelter schools
located in Deir al-Balah. We have been displaced nearly
four times. Here I am in school. I tried to
practice the normal nature that I was there
before the
war. Before the war, I had a studio
and a training center. You were a normal kitty here. I
could not.  I am practicing kitty. I tried to
use tools from nothing because here I do not have my
capabilities. I am the north. When I first started drawing,
I tried to draw things that express joy.
Frankly, I did not appreciate the 120 days that I
went through. It was nothing but a tragedy in my life that
I put to the roots.  They seemed to be the feelings
and scenes on these
scenes. Some of them were screams, some of them were
challenges, some of them were pain, anguish,
grief, and heartbreak. These were the roots. Some of them were the place of
dead children. I was in this war. I could not draw
anything that indicated joy. This was a
matte message that delivered messages, messages to everyone.  The world that
expresses the pain in which we live,
the people, the people of Gaza, messages that also suggest something else,
that we want an end to this pain and a limit to these
genocides and the war that is happening with us, but we
want that we are here to return, that we live, to return to the way
we lived before the war, and to return to our lives.
We return to a peaceful life and we
have what
is the basic element that we lost in our lives,
which is the element of safety, the element of life.
We hide to the world that we want this element to be nurtured
as it was, and we continue our lives normally.